README.rst, before:

====================
Xbox-Smartglass-Core
====================

.. image:: https://pypip.in/version/xbox-smartglass-core/badge.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/xbox-smartglass-core/
    :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/xbox-smartglass-core-python/badge/?version=latest
    :target: http://xbox-smartglass-core-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: https://travis-ci.com/OpenXbox/xbox-smartglass-core-python.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.com/OpenXbox/xbox-smartglass-core-python

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-OpenXbox-blue.svg
    :target: https://discord.gg/uzbC73m
    :alt: Discord chat channel

This library provides the core foundation for the smartglass protocol that is used
with the Xbox One Gaming console

For in-depth information, check out the documentation: (https://openxbox.github.io)

Dependencies
------------
* Python >= 3.5
* construct (https://construct.readthedocs.io/)
* cryptography (https://cryptography.io/en/stable/)
* gevent (http://www.gevent.org/)
* dpkt (https://dpkt.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

Install
-------

Via pip:
::

    pip install xbox-smartglass-core


How to use
----------

Authenticate first (Authentication provided by xbox-webapi-python):
::

    xbox-authenticate

    # alternatively: ncurses terminal ui
    xbox-auth-tui

Now have a look in the Documentation_ how to use the provided shell-scripts!

Known issues
------------
* Find, report and/or fix them ;)

Contribute
----------
* Report bugs/suggest features
* Add/update docs
* Enhance managers

Credits
-------
This package uses parts of Cookiecutter_ and the `audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`_ project template.

.. _Documentation: https://xbox-smartglass-core-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/source/xbox.sg.scripts.html
.. _Cookiecutter: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter
.. _`audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage

Commit message:

Embed text user interface screenshot into README

README.rst, after:

====================
Xbox-Smartglass-Core
====================

.. image:: https://pypip.in/version/xbox-smartglass-core/badge.svg
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/xbox-smartglass-core/
    :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/xbox-smartglass-core-python/badge/?version=latest
    :target: http://xbox-smartglass-core-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. image:: https://travis-ci.com/OpenXbox/xbox-smartglass-core-python.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://travis-ci.com/OpenXbox/xbox-smartglass-core-python

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/discord-OpenXbox-blue.svg
    :target: https://discord.gg/uzbC73m
    :alt: Discord chat channel

This library provides the core foundation for the smartglass protocol that is used
with the Xbox One Gaming console

For in-depth information, check out the documentation: (https://openxbox.github.io)

Dependencies
------------
* Python >= 3.5
* construct (https://construct.readthedocs.io/)
* cryptography (https://cryptography.io/en/stable/)
* gevent (http://www.gevent.org/)
* dpkt (https://dpkt.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

Install
-------

Via pip:
::

    pip install xbox-smartglass-core


How to use
----------

Authenticate first (Authentication provided by xbox-webapi-python):
::

    $ xbox-authenticate

    # Alternative: Use the ncurses terminal ui, it has authentication integrated
    $ xbox-tui

Now have a look in the Documentation_ how to use the provided shell-scripts!

Screenshots
-----------
Here you can see the SmartGlass TUI (Text user interface):

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenXbox/xbox-smartglass-core-python/master/assets/xbox_tui_list.png

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenXbox/xbox-smartglass-core-python/master/assets/xbox_tui_console.png

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenXbox/xbox-smartglass-core-python/master/assets/xbox_tui_log.png

Known issues
------------
* Find, report and/or fix them ;)

Contribute
----------
* Report bugs/suggest features
* Add/update docs
* Enhance managers

Credits
-------
This package uses parts of Cookiecutter_ and the `audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`_ project template.

.. _Documentation: https://xbox-smartglass-core-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/source/xbox.sg.scripts.html
.. _Cookiecutter: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter
.. _`audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage`: https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage
